ok so we're gonna start inching ever so
closer to actually talking about the
deal with you to be here now let's move
on to blog because I think blogging is
basically like that next immediate step
before how blogging this we're so now
just tell us a little bit about blogging
how long you been doing that and I
believe you kind of already just a
little bit here but tell you happened to
come to see it to blogging yeah I
started in this business teaching coders
and head that fight and blockade became
the sister side of you know what I do
with my site now and are covered social
media about before there was just this
plethora of people that specialize in a
covered everything about marketing and
not so much
version and not so much because they are
going on anybody's radar at that time
that was like six years ago
07 right it's been awhile but that
really wasn't on anybody's radar at that
time but I started covering it when it
was and then actually that got way more
popular with have been way more fun with
and blogging just kind of took over and
then I moved the technical over into a
closed down the other side quit teaching
code got out of code myself and that was
inadequate teaching it's because I don't
want too much to do with any more word
breath taken over the whole world by
that time and I didn't want to compete
with private garden that were building
these gorgeous beautiful site that I was
more of the developer in all about the
code in the function and where prince
was really attracting the graphic
designer said that point there were made
him
beautiful things and that is pretty much
the split you know they make beauty and
developers make function and if you can
get somebody who can do both or a team
that can be both you have a great site
but I really loved engaging with
end-users and finding out how people
were using it and I have to tell you I
tend to hurt and I don't know what I'm
doing but I hope I just keep doing it to
attract people who are putting good out
into the world
world really reputable great super
people who are just the whites in the
world and I don't know what I'm doing to
attract them but boy howdy I hope I keep
doing it because I love working with
these ppl me I think I got the best
clients on the planet so what a joy to
get up and do that every morning right
and blockade I just had to maneuver
we're helping change for being a downer
you it's changed radically I was having
to change my business model Mr offering
every six month and kind of settled out
I think a little bit for sale but it's a
very opportunistic sort of business and
you gotta be able to jump on things and
at some point along the way I learned
that being bleeding edge there is some
serious money in being ahead of that
curbing bleeding edge being the first
out there and I actually learned it from
some of my clients that are always in
some of them were here today that are
always jumping on the user always
reporting on you know I'm gonna call out
one in particular on Hoffman is here
today and we follow each other religious
late because she can't she kinda covers
a sector that maybe I don't not comic
covers more of a sector that she doesn't
in between the two of us we keep up with
all the movies but I can't make it
without following about 80 blog quakers
being one of them that I rely on to keep
up my links me up this another 10 people
who just stayed in these white men
always people who stay right up with
news and a trainer I me to be able to
stay up with that to show people how
they want to jump on by up here you go
here's the information sometimes
requires me to stay up till three in the
morning making videos to put out saying
hey something rolled out on black basalt
at nine o'clock that night
here's your video and then to go put it
in my court and whatever so it's kind of
a crazy live to stay that way but I have
clients that I care take that are
leading edge maybe not bleeding edge
because we like the table fight but
leading edge with interest in
you know different markets that maybe
I'm naughty and all these lifestyle
bloggers people who are into visibility
who are into tech help keep me leading
edge because they're keeping up with
them and they're asking me to keep their
sites up with that so I get a lot of
work with a lot of things
way beyond my own fight because I do so
I doubt it I get to work with hundreds
and hundreds of Fine Arts in all kinds
of genres and I get to see all kinds of
plugins and you know different ways of
doing things so I think my exposure to
it helped me when somebody comes to me
and I can say yeah I've seen that I've
got some ideas for your health at work
and I could do that with just my own
fight there's no way I could get all
that so I'm very indebted to my client
is very much a mutually beneficial
relationship to work with my clients so
they're gonna ever so closer here and
blockade I do believe you've got
subscribers they can purchase training
from you the link in their view like
four people on I'm sure you might want
these for your show no got a link for
the video courses both private
membership site and Onew to me one of
those with the st. the fourth is the
same in both places whichever way you
wanna take it and but all my private
side it's part of a bigger things so if
you want all of it it it behooves you to
come in to do that and then I have
one-on-one training I have just started
doing group training for that one on one
training I have to keep the group's
extremely small because it is tailored
unique to each side owner and so you
know even five clients is a lot that
upper do it one on one but this keeps it
more affordable for everybody's I'm just
trying those wild with it so you can see
all that also have a page specifically
for you to me and the reason why is
because you to me
limits me so much in the contact that I
can have with them you know when
something like Blair bitch changing
constantly I'm too limited by that
opened up a Facebook group for months
students for their rethink its up got to
be able to get that email or up got to
be able to get that information out to
them but it takes a village and I don't
want to just to be an email one white
thing you know and they asked me what
they're having trouble with and I get to
go feed their shows and we get to help
each other and support one another and
that's the whole point of lab so I think
it's more in the spirit of of what
lobbyists and the joy of it and come on
let's have some fun but you go ahead and
throw Lincoln therefore your bled like a
pro course you put forward or not but
you can go ahead and let me make sure
I'm on the right one thats NCO lab
cubans
yeah I've got 14 were actually I don't
think I've got any right this second
contact the pages that are already when
you find them just contact me and I'll
make up a new one actually I didn't
realize that they had it just expired
cause you know I know this particular
replay will go on that but we're getting
ready to cancel mine for the time being
I'm sorry I have one I dunno but I will
actually make this replay available as
well on my website I will link up to
that at the end and I'll make sure I got
the show notes I'll make sure I got the
links to the various things
lab is actually changed with the used to
do what the replays you could actually
still at comments and the comments and
you can actually throw back to see
through the whole common street you
can't do that anymore not only can you
not add additional comments which i
think is a good thing that was the whole
stream anymore either so I will make
sure that it's available at least right
at the end when we're wrapping this up
here so that people will be able to get
back to the replay later on with all of
the important links
in me and make sure to put together some
different coupon codes right after you
better get it